body
I'm not dumbass I'm saying trump is straight up fucking hot garbage.
the mods actively destroyed this sub they would sticky their political opinion in threads and prevent replies censor anything mentioning jews or blacks ban memes ban complaints about how shit the sub has become by making a metapost and demanding all critism of mods sub be confined to that one post place is a joke
Not really as you contradicted yourself. What could be clearer than No
Okay bootlicker who ironically says he opposes Nazis despite all of his comments carrying deeply fascistic overtones.
These might help 1491 What do libertarians think of democracy quora.com 1175 Why do libertarians prefer the market to democracy quora.com 1062 Is democracy compatible with libertarianism quora.com
You re kidding right There s a legitimate reason for people not to be out in public. Look at the number of people that are dying in NY. Yea the media is only talking about the virus shit because that s what people want to watch and listen to therefore they make money. Take off your foil hat and think about it
That's a burden I don't think I'll be able to satisfy. But I personally don't think that that is a reasonable criteria to use. Could you explain why you think that that's relevant to this discussion
You want to know why Or is cherry picking the one bad egg logical to you Italy has the second oldest population on the planet their Prime Minister has been screaming at people to follow quarantine rules most were ignoring unlike most countries there isn t so much of a generation gap between people meaning youth through to elders all interact socially. There are reasons why they were effected so badly universal healthcare not being one of them.
gt what is Biden a foe of Trump going to do Sundown while Trump pressures foreign governments to investigate him for bullshit conspiracy theories probably
I think you re confusing health care with medical technology innovation. Health care is the service you provide to people that utilizes that innovation.
Lol yep thought so. Poor.
Isn't that their decisions about their personal health to make though Their body their choice. It's going to be their problem if they get infected. You don't have to worry about getting infected if you're at home.
Same link sciencedaily.com
gt Removing anyone left of altright and silencing all dissent is absolutely anti libertarian. Banning people on a private website doesn't violate libertarian principles whatsoever. But I'll bite your comment seems to imply that not only were leftists banned but people were banned just for not being alt right. So were any libertarians banned for criticizing the GOP or the alt right
Good point
How did they arrest him I assume they had to come into close proximity with him and make physical contact and then put him in a holding cell where viruses could easily spread. So not only are they arresting someone for minding their own business but they are doing the exact opposite of what they're trying to achieve. That's the government for you.
I'm a step ahead on the planting my own food. It's a hobby of mine fortunately. I sure hope more people are under the same mindset as you as far as the waking up but most people are sheep and lack the ability of forward thinking or thinking for themselves.
I honestly can't say. I don't even smoke pot. I just support everyone's right to do what they want with their own body.
That guy is just another MAGA hatter
Oh yeah we haven't peaked yet. China had loads of more dead than they reported and that was with taking away sick people by force and much harsher lockdowns.
Shut up Statist
Civil asset forfeiture usually occurs when there is some underlying crime. It says in the article he's not being charged with hoarding And I wonder what they mean by charging 700 of market value market value changes as we have easily seen in the last couple of months.
And you and I will not see eye to eye. It is the ethical responsibility of a society to take care of others and a moral duty of the individual to uphold those ethics. Your sweeping generalities leave no room for compassion to the most necessary and basic rights of a prosperous nation. You can t win the argument against no taxes at least not in America. So decide how you want your money best spent.
No I'm not confused you're simply wrong about this.
gt had to be rescued There's your problem.
It's as real as any other political philosophy.
My opinion is that too many people are voting and the voting age should be higher. Im all for individual freedom however i believe that people should not vote before their brain are fully developed. It just makes it easier for the rest of us.
That does not make it ok to take personal property without due process
I see so Sweden and Taiwan are crashing economically. Same for South Korea.
gt I hate that solution Me too. But it is no better than your anaology with the companies. Choosing who is poking me does not remove the poking. If I am poked by an private institution or an public institution matters litte.
Iirc it wasn't specifically banning private healthcare that was found to violate the Charter but banning private healthcare WHEN public healthcare was not sufficient to meet the needs of the population ie if the public system didn't have such long waiting times even for urgent cases it likely wouldn't have succeeded
I think it's a good question. I've been reading up on welfare recently but I'm not an expert. Just setting the scene a bit I think there are different flavours of libertarians with different emphasis. On one side you have those who emphasises seeing people as utility seekers and whose focus is on the efficiency of markets and who might care more about poverty Frederick Hayek Milton Friedman This is the group I belong to. On the other side you have those who are a bit more hardcore and whose focus is on private property as natural rights that must not be violated as they see it as immoral these people are more hostile towards welfare Murray Rothbard Ayn Rand I just wanted to understand your position more first why do you want to provide welfare in the first place Are you seeking to lift up the poor because you want to reduce their suffering Or is it out of a sense of equality egalitarianism Since the answer will differ greatly depending on your emphasis..
It's almost as if those states have more international travel and higher population density.
More responsible What's responsible about not working for the airline industry
This post has been automatically removed. ALL image based content is considered low effort it will not be approved no exceptions. Don't bother asking us you will be muted. r LibertarianMeme is a subreddit that exists exclusively for images. If you wish you can resubmit this as a self text post but direct images are not allowed. I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit message compose to r Libertarian if you have any questions or concerns.
gt Which part of that Tweet is inaccurate That tweet was comparing yearly numbers of all strains of influenza against a pandemic that had barely started. The problem is also that his tweet is very easily taken as an attempt to trivialize COVID 19 compared to the common flu wtf is the common flu anyway gt He started his task force back in December. He didn't and the trumplings keep bitching that he couldn't start it because he was being impeached. Whic is it gt How is he not relying on the experts When he says stupid things and doesn't include the actual experts in his press conferences as he did earlier when he said stupid shit that contradicted what Fauci had already been saying. It wasn't until shit got real that Trump started acting serious about this and letting the experts come front and center. Until he started saying stupid shit like some scarves are better than masks. Don't you think Americans deserve better crisis leadership than this
And if people congregate on my property and they all get sick some of them die and the rest collectively infect tens of thousands of other over a period of time In your world nothing because you can't prove that anyone got infected at that gathering. Hope the freedom was worth it.
And getting Winds of Winter Win
And yet you choose to live under the order every day you don t commit suicide.
As pointed out Medicare is not provision of medical services by government it is the central payment and regulation of costs associated with Healthcare to stop manipulation of insurance companies and eye gouging by private service providers.
I bet the GOP nominates a woman. And I can see Pence running which would suck
You're answering sarcastically but really think about it. If you don't pay the fine they will try to arrest you. If you don't allow them to arrest you they will kill you. The penalty for not complying is literally death.
gt 330 million people So what
and what part of gt if you're not encountering other people there's no risk of transmitting the virus to others. doesn't answer your question
Thats what I'm saying. Making things reasonably priced in america will keep people here and spending money here. It's a win win convenience price and business.
You also can t take an unnecessary fault from the past and throw out the whole idea because of that fault. It would be possible to include non white landowners in that philosophy. The fact that they didn t doesn t mean it is not possible. In fact it is possible and anyone with a lick of intellectual honesty will admit that. That kind of thinking is why we are unable to solve the problems of our society today.
I don t believe monopolies exist in a free market and if they do it s not for long. Government regulations preventing competitors coming into the free market are the cause of monopoly formations
Im just waiting for a replacement government to come... Im ready for war but the organization simply isnt there yet.
gt Also not all laws are made because the market demanded. Senators get raises frequently but the market doesn t really demand that right If elections are considered a part of the market then yes the market did demand it by voting for Senators who would vote to raise their own pay. Aren't Democratic Republics grand gt Causation only economic arguments are hard to prove. This is why economics is considered a soft science. Causation is hard to prove models are based on idealized rational situations and personal opinion is often shared as fact.
The government s public school history books are warped and sanitized as requested by the financial successors to brutal institutions to leave out anything that might allow a person to connect the dots between old injustice and new. E.g most of us learned about the civil war and antebellum and then skipped forward 50 years to Jim Crow. Willful omission of the convict leasing and proliferation of trivial crimes that happened in between is why the notion that black man criminal is still pervasive 100 years later. Another example of public education being an abject failure waste of money and in this case a propaganda machine.
